			
			** Andhra Pradesh Traffic Police

				*Pay AP E-Challan Online At Paytm
					
					E-challan allows the traffic rule violators to pay their traffic challan through '
					electronically generated challans.It runs out any kind of bribery and introduces 
					transparency to the system. More than that people can pay their challan from their 
					home, offices or anywhere they want. E-challan has made the process very easy for 
					both the traffic police and people by allowing them to pay their challan over the 
					internet.So don t worry about going out and spending hours in completing the 
					formalities of paying AP E-challan as you can pay it from your home, college, office
				 	or anywhere. Andhra Pradesh traffic challan payment on Paytm doesn t even take a 
					minute to get processed as Paytm provides you with India s finest online payment 
					portal that is backed by safe transaction modes.

			* Frequently Asked Questions
				
				* How To Pay AP E-Challan Online At Paytm?
					
					AP Challan payment is very easy and gets processed with some simple steps as follows:


					1. Go to AP E-challan page on Paytm
					2. Enter your Challan Number/ RC Number/ Driving License Number
					3. Click On Proceed
					4. Enter your challan amount
					5. Select the mode of payment, i.e., Debit Card, Credit Card, Paytm Wallet or UPI 
					6. Proceed with the payment and you are done with it

				* What is the time limit for paying the E-Challan once it is issued?

					You can pay the e-challan within the first 15 days after it has been issued. If you fail 
					to pay your e-challan in 15 days then you will have to pay a late fee, the penalty amount 
					differs from one state to another. Note that, if you do not pay your challan for a longer 
					time then you can face strict punishments.


				* What are the offences for which one can attract a challan?

					You can attract a challan or punishment for the offences listed as below :

					1. Lack of documents while driving/lending your vehicle to someone who does not have all the 
					   required documents while driving.
					2. Improper/rash driving
					3. Breaking road marking rules
					4. Improper display of number plate
					5. Improper use of vehicle lights
					6. Over speeding/overtaking
					7. Disobeying traffic signals

In which cities can I pay AP E-challan online a Paytm?
You can pay AP E-challan online at Anantapur, Chittoor, Guntur, Kadapa, Krishna, Kurnool, Prakasam, Srikakulam, Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram, East Godavari, West Godavari and many others.